Fix broken links to documentation pages (#3147)
apache/camel: core/camel-core/src/main/docs/eips/pipeline-eip.adoc

[[pipeline-eip]]
= Pipeline EIP

> Camel supports the http://www.enterpriseintegrationpatterns.com/PipesAndFilters.html[Pipes and Filters] from the https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/enterprise-integration-patterns.adoc[EIP patterns] in various ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camel supports the http://www.enterpriseintegrationpatterns.com/PipesAndFilters.html[Pipes and Filters] from the xref:enterprise-integration-patterns.adoc[EIP patterns] in various ways.
```

image::eip/PipesAndFilters.gif[image]

With Camel you can split your processing across multiple independent

> https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/endpoint.adoc[Endpoint] instances which can then be chained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:endpoint.adoc[Endpoint] instances which can then be chained
```

== Examples

You can create pipelines of logic using multiple

> https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/endpoint.adoc[Endpoint] or https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/camel-core/src/main/docs/eips/message-translator.adoc[Message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:endpoint.adoc[Endpoint] or xref:message-translator.adoc[Message
```
